Note requirement of 'us-west-2' as Lambda region (#4923)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/amazon-personalize/index.md

To build a Lambda function to process Segment events:
1. Go to the Lambda service page in your AWS account.

> 2. Ensure that you are in AWS Region 'us-west-2' (Required for communication from segment's lambdas).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure that you are in AWS Region 'us-west-2'. You must be in us-west-2 so that Segment's Lambdas can  communicate with your resources.
```
